---
description: 계정 등록을 위해 발송된 '임시 비밀번호' 이메일 또는 '인증코드' 이메일을 삭제한 경우
---

# \(Venu/Done\)"I have deleted the 'Verification Code' or 'Temporary Password' e-mail."

When the manager registers a new account, the 'Verification Code' and 'Temporary Password' emails will be sent to your mail address. \(Total of 2 emails will be sent\).

The subject line of emails are as follows:

* **Invitation for Audit Lobby**
* **Audit Lobby - Verification code**

Sometimes, emails might be received as junk mail. If your inbox doesn't receive yet, please check your spam mailbox. Even you can't find the e-mail at the spam mailbox, please contact the system manager or 'support@datalobby.co.kr'.

Sometimes, you might delete the 'Temporary Password' or 'Verification code' email by mistake.

* **When you delete the 'Temporary Password' email**
  * You can reset the password using 'Forgot Password' feature. [Reset Password ](../undefined-2/setup/0./1-1-forgot-password.md) 
  * **Attention**: If you are a first-time user, you have to do 'Confirm signup' by using the 'Verification code'. Please refer to account registration guidance First Log-in.[ First Log-in](../undefined-2/setup/0./#3-press-confirm-signup-in-the-bottom-right-of-the-pop-up)

\*\*\*\*

* **When you delete 'Verification code' email**
  * You can reissue the 'Verification code'. See the following for more information. [Reissue 'Verification code'](../undefined-2/setup/0./1-2.-2.md)

\*\*\*\*

* **When you delete both 'Temporary password' email and 'Verification code' email**
  1. You can reissue the 'Verification code'. See the following for more information. [Reissue 'Verification code](../undefined-2/setup/0./1-2.-2.md)
  2. Complete Confirm Signup by using the reissued verification code.
  3. Reset password on the Forgot password page. [Reset Password  ](../undefined-2/setup/0./1-1-forgot-password.md)   



If you have any concerns or questions, please feel free to contact 'support@datalobby.co.kr'.

